**Montreal, CANADA and Shanghai, CHINA, July 2, 2015** – From June 16th – 19th, Robotmaster impressively underpinned its visionary position at the Beijing Essen Welding & Cutting Fair (BEW). In its 19th year, BEW is the premier welding exhibition within the robotics landscape in China and was a solid platform for Robotmaster to showcase its robot programming technologies. With 40,000+ attendees, visitors had the opportunity to see why Robotmaster’s CAD/CAM solution is at the forefront of the robotic revolution. The solution tackles manufacturing challenges and enables manufacturers to adopt robotics and deliver better products.

Providing seamless integration between CAD/CAM and robots, Robotmaster’s programming technologies are unique in enabling a multitude of robot capabilities for a diverse set of industries (i.e. aerospace, high technology, machinery and manufacturing).

Liang Nie, Manager of Robotmaster China, states, “Arc welding is the traditional robot application in which, teaching is always painful but still common due to the process complexity. Now with Robotmaster, there is no more teaching! It’s one click to generate the weld seam and another click to optimize the robot and/or external axis to have the best welding position. The user can even integrate sensing or tracking devices together with Robotmaster to realize a fully automatic welding system, from PC directly to production. It is revolutionary in thick plate welding, for industries such as ship building, transportation, containers, pressure vessels, structural steel, etc.”

Continuing to add value to various applications, visitors at the Robotmaster booth had the opportunity to see what Robotmaster’s robot programming solution is capable of and get a notion of how their work can be simplified for their welding and cutting needs. Working with local robot manufacturer, STEP, Robotmaster demonstrated an integrated welding cell that explicitly showed how easy it was to program a tubular intersection weld. Furthermore, Nie enlightened those in attendance on some of the new features of Robotmaster V6.2 along with several new developments in the pipeline.

Robotmaster would like to thank everyone that inquired about its robot programming technologies 
which enable versatile and profitable robotic solutions for industrial manufacturing applications. Exciting 
developments also lie ahead for upcoming shows slated for October and November.

To view a short video clip from the event, please click  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/RobotmasterOLP/videos/1642438082661826/" target="_blank">here</a>

## About Robotmaster Asia
Intercam-Singapore Pvt. Ltd is the agent responsible for the distribution and implementation of Robotmaster software for China, Korea, Taiwan, Australia and Southeast Asia. Having over 25 years of CAD/CAM software distribution experience, Intercam-Singapore is strategically positioned to serve the Asian robotic software market by offering localized distribution, marketing and strategic support to robot manufacturers and integrators.